It’s been a long-time dream of mine to bring a dietitian or other nutrition or medical professional onto the team to help answer everyone’s questions. When NutritionFacts.org began in 2011, I was able to personally respond to every comment, every email. Sadly those days are long gone, but an eager team of volunteers stepped forward to help. Alas, despite their Herculean efforts, hundreds of questions remain unanswered and our email backlog continues to grow. Wouldn’t it be great to have a place you could go to have all your nutrition questions answered (for free!) by someone you trust? Thanks to another rousing round of generous year-end support, we are able to make this dream come true. If you or anyone you know fits the requirements and is interested in dedicating yourselves to advancing a lifesaving cause, please apply through our Employment Opportunities page. Here are the details for this full-time work-from-home staff position: Role Use your expertise to answer questions on the website, over email, and through social media Requirements Responsibilities I’m excited to share that the manuscript for my upcoming book How Not to Die (fingers crossed for January 2016!) is nearing completion. Now I just need to get it fact-checked to the teeth in preparation for the publisher’s April deadline. This is where you may come in! I need to hire at least five fact checkers to work essentially full time next month to ruthlessly ensure its scientific integrity. If anyone’s ever described you as “anal-retentive” you might be perfect for the job :) For the Nutrition Director position, unfortunately we can only hire U.S. citizens or those legally authorized to work in the United States, but for the fact checker positions we can hire anyone anywhere in the world. Here are the details for the month-long work-from-home fact checker positions: Role At least five people needed to help factcheck Dr. Greger’s upcoming book Requirements Responsibilities Apply though the Employment Opportunities page. 