First, I want to thank all those that applied for the Nutrition Director position. I am so thrilled my work attracts such talented folks! We received dozens of applications from doctors and nurses and dietitians who dedicated days of their lives slogging through a grueling application process all for the honor of serving you. And that honor goes to Joseph Gonzales, R.D. Let me turn it over to him so he can introduce himself: Hello everyone!   I am so thrilled to join the team. It’s always been a passion of mine to help others. Let me tell you a little about my background:   Professionally, I started working as the Health Coordinator for Head Start – a federal program providing early childhood education, health, and nutrition for children. To focus on more nutrition-related efforts, I took a position in Washington, D.C., as Staff Dietitian with the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM). There, I helped organize their Food for Life Programs, where certified instructors teach cooking classes dedicated to nutrition education for disease prevention. I also helped coordinate and publish clinical research studies, working closely with research study participants for nearly 4 years. I left the Physicians Committee to pursue medical school but took a detour and ended up working with the University of Texas – MD Anderson Cancer Center’s Integrative Medicine Program, specifically, as a dietitian in a comprehensive lifestyle study for women with breast cancer. It’s been a privilege to work alongside such courageous women.   My passion for both nutrition and helping others is perhaps best exemplified by my volunteer work in the Marshall Islands. I served at the Diabetes Wellness Center with the Director of Nutrition, Brenda Davis, R.D., helping people to control (and in some cases even reverse) type 2 diabetes with dietary changes. For years, I have witnessed the power of eating healthy in my own life, and through the lives of many friends, family, and research study participants. As NutritionFacts.org Nutrition Director, my hope is to forward the mission of making advances in the field freely available and accessible to all by helping people wherever they are at with improving their diets.   I may not have all the answers to your questions, but I can help find them for you. Please leave a question in the comments section under any of the videos or blogs and I’ll do my best to help.   Sincerely, Joseph Gonzales, R.D. Nutrition Director 