 My new DVD came out today and is available as streaming video so you can start watching it immediately. In this new volume, I have videos on natural treatments for endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome; the latest on vitamin C, green tea, and aspartame; two videos on soy and breast cancer; the best foods to help prevent strokes; and a really neat one on strengthening the mind-body connection. The current batch of videos from the previous volume is about to run out on NutritionFacts.org. So, starting next month and running through March 2017, I’ll roll out this new set. They will all eventually be available for free online, but if you don’t want to wait you can watch them all streaming right now. You can also order it as a physical DVD at DrGreger.org or on Amazon.   Here’s the full list of chapters from the new volume—a preview of what’s to come over the next few months on NutritionFacts.org:  Anyone signing up on the donation page to become a $15 monthly contributor will receive the next three DVDs for free, and anyone signing up as a $25 monthly contributor will get a whole year’s worth of new DVDs (as physical DVDs, downloads, streaming, or all three—your choice). If you signed up for physical copies, your volume 34 is in the mail. If you don’t receive it next week, please email DVDhelp@NutritionFacts.org and we’ll make everything all better. Important Notice to Recurring Donors: We’re asking our monthly supporters to update their payment profile through our new donor portal. The new portal allows you to manage your credit card information, print your tax receipts, view your donation history, opt into a birthday surprise, and more. Your old profile will continue giving to NutritionFacts.org until you update your account through the donor portal by creating a new recurring donation (once you set this up we will suspend your old profile so that you are not double charged), or your payment method on file expires. Thank you so much—you are the backbone of support for the site. 