Until recently, those complaining to their doctors about symptoms associated with the wheat protein gluten were commonly referred to psychiatrists. The medical profession has a tragic history of dismissing genuine diseases as all in peoples’ heads. PTSD, ulcerative colitis, migraines, ulcers, asthma, Parkinson’s and MS were all conditions that were originally rejected by the prevailing medical community as mere psychosomatic hysteria. On the flip side, the internet is rife with unsubstantiated claims like “17 million Americans are gluten sensitive,” which has spilled over into the popular press to make gluten the diet villain du jour. This has led to a multi-billion dollar gluten-free food industry. Any time there’s that much money at stake, it’s hard to trust anyone, so as always, best to stick to the science. This is easier said than done, though–more than 10,000 papers have been published on gluten in the medical literature. But that’s what you have me for! Allow me to spare your summertime beach reading list and do all the work for you. Is gluten sensitivity real? If so, how many does it affect? Should one just err on the side of caution and avoid gluten or are there actual benefits of gluten on which the gluten-free crowd is missing out? I answer these and lots more questions in three new videos on gluten in my new DVD, Latest in Clinical Nutrition volume 20. The gluten videos will all be up in a few weeks on NutritionFacts.org, but you can watch them right now via video download or order them on DVD on my website or through Amazon (all proceeds go to this charity). The current batch of videos from volume 19 on NutritionFacts.org just ran out, so starting this month and running through October, I’ll be rolling out the videos from this new DVD, volume 20. The DVDs give folks the opportunity to sneak-preview videos months ahead of time, watch them all straight through, and share them as gifts, but there is nothing on the DVDs that won’t eventually end up free online here at NutritionFacts.org. If you’d like the works–40+ hours of video–I have a new 1-20 set for the complete DVD collection. Here’s the list of chapters from the new volume 20 DVD — a preview of what’s to come over the next few months on NutritionFacts.org: 