 I may be the face (well the voice, really) of NutritionFacts.org, but there’s a veritable army of volunteers and staff behind the scenes. They churn through about 2,000 articles a week to stay on top of the 100,000+ nutrition studies published in the peer-reviewed medical literature every year. This is all so we can bring you daily videos and articles on the latest in evidence-based nutrition. This is only possible because of you. Our average online donation in 2016 was $31. That means thousands of people stepped forward to express appreciation for our work. Hundreds have even signed up to be monthly donors, which helps ensure a predictable steady stream of support. One new expense we have for 2017 is me! I’ve given up my public health director day job to devote my life to NutritionFacts.org full time. I’ve always prided myself on never having taken a penny from the site, but I realize this work is my true calling. So now that I’m going to be drawing a salary from NutritionFacts.org, your support now includes helping me put kale on the table. All the proceeds from my books, DVDs and speaking engagements will continue to be funneled directly into the site. Please “root” for me by helping us fill the carrot. On the Donate Page you can make a tax-deductible donation to using a credit card, Bitcoin, transferring stock, or by sending a check to “NutritionFacts.org” PO Box 11400, Takoma Park, MD 20913. If you have donated to NutritionFacts.org in the past please be on the lookout for an email tomorrow regarding our new personalized donor portal. You will be able to view your donation history, update your personal information, and even opt in to a birthday surprise starting in 2017! Please check it out here: https://nutritionfacts.org/donate/   We have lots of exciting things planned for 2017. We are revamping the website, including a bunch of new features including “Crashcourses in Nutrition” to help deepen your knowledge. We may even be able to start offering continuing medical education credit for physicians. (After all, How Not to Die is now being used as a textbook at graduate public health and medical schools!). One new addition starts today, my new audio podcast. We commissioned a 10-episode pilot podcast series to run over the next 10 weeks and the first episode is available now. Now you can learn life-saving tips while you run, cook, or commute. To check out the trailer and subscribe (for free, of course, like everything else on NutritionFacts.org) go to our new podcast page. If folks find them useful I’ll make them a regular weekly feature. The podcast is being produced by Joseph Ram of Issues and Advocacy, LLC and Kerry Thompson of Thompson House Productions. Happiest of holidays and a wonderful, healthful, fact-filled new year. 