Interested in dedicating yourself to advancing a lifesaving cause? Assuming we reach our end-of-year donation drive goals, I am hoping to bring on two full-time salaried staff for 2014. One position is based here in the DC area, but the other can be done remotely from home anywhere. Send your resumé and a cover letter that includes which position(s) you’re interested in, your salary requirement, and a specific explanation of your interest in a career with NutritionFacts.org to employment@NutritionFacts.org. Role Logistics, DVD fulfillment, development, and volunteer coordination. Requirements •    Ability to work weekends, evenings, and holidays as needed •    Proficiency with Macintosh computers •    An aptitude for learning new software and social media platforms quickly •    Familiarity with web-based applications (like WordPress) a plus but not required •    Willing to relocate to the Washington DC metropolitan area with access to a car •    Excellent written and verbal communication skills •    Willingness and aptitude for managing interns and volunteers •    Exquisite organizational skills, work ethic, professionalism, and attention to detail Responsibilities 1.  Videos and Blogs          • Publish videos/blogs every weekday morning (including holidays)          • Check and export videos to iTunes, Vimeo, and YouTube          • Simple video editing using YouTube editor          • Format and load text to NutritionFacts.org, YouTube, and sites such as Care2          • Find and format appropriate featured images for video and blog pages 2.   DVD Fulfillment          • Burn, package, and ship DVD orders and giveaways          • Pick up signed postcards for DVD mailings at least once a week          • Maintain Amazon’s supply of DVDs          • Keep sufficient DVD and packing supplies stocked          • Coordinate shipping of materials for Dr. Greger’s speaking engagements 3.   Social Media          • Create and post text and images multiple times each day          • Work with individuals who wish to share their testimonials          • Continually work to improve NutritionFacts.org’s social media outreach 4.   General          • Maintain NutritionFacts.org’s annual state-by-state non-profit registration status          • Coordinate, manage, and support interns and volunteers          • National Library of Medicine article retrieval and scanning          • Prepare quarterly reports for our Board of Directors          • Research and develop new ways to increase our visibility, reach, and impact   Role Creation of the Keynote (v. 5.3) slides on which NutritionFacts.org videos are based. Requirements •    Ability to work from home •    Proficiency with Macintosh computers •    Prior familiarity with Keynote a plus, but not required •    Exquisite organizational skills, work ethic, professionalism, and attention to detail Responsibilities •     Create new Keynote presentations from annotated scripts using provided step-by-step instructions •     Rework and replace old (pre-volume 5) Keynote presentations •     Find and format appropriate Creative Commons images for presentations Nutritionfacts.org strives to offer competitive nonprofit salaries and health benefits (beyond just the kale health plan :). Unfortunately, NutritionFacts.org is not able to sponsor work visa applications, so applicants have to be U.S. citizens or otherwise legally authorized to work in the United States. NutritionFacts.org is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to a policy of nondiscrimination on any basis including race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, the presence of mental, physical, or sensory disability, sexual orientation, or any other basis prohibited by federal or state law. 