The new and improved NutritionFacts.org has arrived! Thanks to the Jesse & Julie Rasch Foundation and our brilliant web developer Christi Richards, we launched the renovated site this month with a new design and functionality. Here are some of the new features:   Transcripts Adding written transcripts to each of the videos was one of the most popular requests and that capacity has just been added. Now beneath each video, in addition to the Sources Cited section that has links to all the papers cited in the video (full-text PDFs whenever possible!), you’ll notice the new transcript section. We’ve been trying to populate these as quickly as possible but could really use your help if you have any time to volunteer. Even a few hours a week would be a huge help. Please email volunteer@nutritionfacts.org to help with this or any of the multitude of tasks that keep the website alive and kicking on a shoestring budget.   Health Topics When new visitors went to the old home page they only saw the last few days of videos and had no hint of the depth of material covered. Now on the home page you can easily navigate to any of the 1,500+ nutrition subjects from A to Z. (If you liked the old layout better, you can bookmark the Video page which just offers the last two weeks of videos.) The Topics page itself has also been revamped from the Hurricane Sandy-sized word cloud to a more manageable layout. Ooh, and try the new search function out! Health Bites On the NutritionFacts.org facebook page, every day we post newsworthy bits of nutrition info taken from the headlines or from the flood of new science on healthy eating. Now these bite-sized morsels will also be scrolled on the lower left corner of the NutritionFacts.org homepage.   Ask The Doctor My favorite blogs to write are the Q&A posts. I get to delve through comments left by the NutritionFacts.org community (you!) on all the video and blog pages and pick some questions to highlight and answer to the best of my ability. Best place to buy Adderall online to use it? Have look at this website to buy Adderall online. The blog posts quickly got buried, though, and the same questions popped up over and over. We’ve upgraded to a new Ask the Doctor section where you can more easily browse and search through all the Q&A’s. I’ll answer more every week so please be sure to leave questions in any of the comments sections beneath each video.   Donate Page Has NutritionFacts.org helped you and your family eat healthier? Please consider giving thanks by making a contribution on our new Donate page to keep the site up and running. NutritionFacts.org has been incorporated as a 501c3 nonprofit charity so U.S. donations are tax-deductible.   Black Friday Sale To help spread some holiday cheer of dietary sanity, I’m offering a stocking stuffer sale on my Uprooting the Leading Causes of Death DVDs, in which I explore the role diet may play in preventing, treating, and even reversing our top 15 killers. For a limited time, buy five Uprooting DVDs for $40 so you can spread them far and wide. As a gift to yourself, if you have yet to collect my entire set of Latest in Nutrition DVDs, you can also get all 11 volumes (13 disks in all) for $120. All proceeds from this sale will go straight back into supporting the site.   Wishing everyone a hearty healthy holiday from my family to yours, –Michael Greger, M.D. Image credit: Flickr / stevendepolo 