When I treasure hunt through the medical literature every year, there are three qualities I find myself using most often to sift the year’s nutritional nuggets into video form. Is it groundbreaking? Is it interesting? Is it practical? In this week’s issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association, for example, one of the most respected nutrition researchers in the world showed once again a plant-based diet could effectively replace cholesterol-lowering statin drugs like Lipitor. No doubt interesting and useful information, but been there, done that. New studies on aluminum contamination in dairy and scombroid poisoning from canned tuna? Yawn. Covered both back in my volume 3 DVD. Then there are the study results that may be interesting and innovative (dog rose berries have five times more antioxidants than blueberries?), but not practical to put into daily practice (what the heck are dog rose berries?). I’m always on the lookout for papers that have real-world implications, data with the potential to affect life’s day-to-day decisions. That’s the reasoning behind my HHH series, presenting the latest data on whether various foods and substances are bad for you, neither good nor bad, or good for you: Harmful, Harmless, or Helpful? – Acrylamide – Airborne® Supplements – alfalfa sprouts – artificial butter flavor – artificial colors – artificial sweeteners – betel nuts – black pepper – carob – chili peppers – chocolate – citric acid – cocoa powder – coconut oil – cod liver oil – coffee – dates – dragon fruit – fish oil supplements – folic acid supplements – gluten – glyconutrient supplements – goji berries – gum arabic – Herbalife® supplements – hibiscus tea – iron pills – kimchi – kombucha tea – licorice – lutein supplements – lycopene supplements – mangosteen juice – matcha tea – MSG – multivitamin supplements – noni juice – osmanthus tea – Nutrasweet® – peanut butter – plastics – red tea – selenium supplements – sodium benzoate – soy with breast cancer – spirulina supplements – star fruit – stevia – sweet potatoes – tea – tulsi tea – vaseline – vinegar – vitamin C supplements – vitamin D supplements – vitamin E supplements – white potatoes – yerba maté – zinc gel for colds. Today’s new video-of-the-day is in this “hands-on tips for daily living” category. My goal is for NutritionFacts.org to provide not just the latest in nutrition, but the latest in applied nutrition. 