Reposted from my Latest in Nutrition e-newsletter (sign up for free here): CNN’s recent documentary “The Last Heart Attack” featured Drs. Ornish and Esselstyn successfully preventing, stopping, and even reversing our number one killer—heart disease—with a plant-based diet. Though billed as the latest cutting-edge treatment, both doctors have been publishing on reversing the heart disease epidemic through diet and lifestyle changes for more than 20 years. Multibillion dollar industries ensure we know about the latest cholesterol-lowering drugs and surgeries, but who’s going to tell us about the latest advances in nutrition?  What else lies buried in medical journals with the potential to save millions of lives that just hasn’t yet seen the light of day? On Monday I celebrate the one-month anniversary of the launch of NutritionFacts.org. Time flies when you’re having fun (or at least when you’re too overwhelmed to even know what day it is! :) Thankfully the site has attracted a dedicated cadre of volunteers and interns to keep the site afloat and I’d love to bring others aboard to join the NutritionFacts.org dream team. So far, our efforts have paid off. In our first month, NutritionFacts.org has drawn 100,000 visitors, exposing more people to my work than probably my entire last decade of speaking. But that’s still less than 0.01% of the world’s Internet users. Tens of millions die every year from chronic diseases, 17 million deaths from cardiovascular disease alone. We’ve got to do better. I need to focus on the science, developing fresh compelling content to keep my promise of delivering a new video featuring new research every day throughout the year. So I am hoping to delegate as many of the site maintenance, building, and outreach tasks as I can. Unfortunately, as a nonprofit, noncommercial site that doesn’t accept advertising we can offer only unpaid internships, but if you can commit to 10 hours a week for at least 10 weeks I would love your help. The hours are flexible; you can work from home. We need everything from data entry and online research to grant writing and food photography. Basically, whatever skills you have (or don’t have just yet!), I want to put to good use. Please email NutritionFactsInterns@gmail.com if you’re interested in helping out. Together, we can reduce a tremendous amount of suffering. If you haven’t already, please get connected and stay in touch so you don’t miss a day: And please help me spread the word by passing these links along. 