 The current batch of videos from the previous volume is about to run out on NutritionFacts.org. So, starting next week and running through May, I’ll roll out this new set. They will all eventually be available for free online, but if you don’t want to wait you can watch them all streaming right now. You can also order it as a physical DVD. Here’s the full list of chapters from the new volume—a preview of what’s to come over the next few months on NutritionFacts.org:  Anyone signing up on the donation page to become a $25 monthly contributor will receive the next three downloads for free, and anyone signing up as a $50 monthly contributor will get a whole year’s worth of new DVDs (as physical DVDs, downloads, streaming, or all three—your choice). If you signed up for physical copies, you should have already received this volume, but if not please email DVDhelp@NutritionFacts.org and we’ll make everything all better.   NutritionFacts.org has been granted GuideStar’s highest tier for nonprofit charities, honoring our deep commitment to transparency and accountability. However, they don’t measure efficacy—how much good each group is actually doing in the world. For NutritionFacts.org you never have to wonder, because you can see what we do every day, bringing you and your loved ones (and hundreds of thousands of others!) actionable, evidence-based information.   As part of good governance, every organization should have a set of contingency plans. What would happen, for example, if I died in a fiery plane crash? (Or even a non-fiery one! :) NutritionFacts.org is saving too many lives to simply close up shop. In my Behind the Scenes video, I explain with a broad brush how I do my research, but what about the nitty gritty? I figure if I’m going to lay it all out, step-by-step, soup to nuts, I might as well do it live as part of a webinar. So, if you want to start your own NutritionFacts.org-type site, acquire or improve online medical research skills, or are just curious how I do what I do, please fill out this form so I can gauge interest. If enough folks are interested I’ll make it happen!   