There are countless in vitro studies that attest to the healing power of plants: The blood of women on a plant based diet for two weeks was dripped on cancer cells; this reduced the cancer growth rate by 20%. Cells exposed to carcinogens had broccoli dripped on them; this helped prevent their DNA from being mutated. Broccoli juice, when dripped on cancer stem cells, was found to inhibit breast cancer stem cells. In a petri dish, broccoli prevents lung cancer cells from spreading. Smoker’s DNA in a test tube was exposed to a known DNA damaging chemical; those who were eating broccoli suffered significantly less damage. Chamomile, when dripped on various human cancer cells, slowed down their growth. Black beans have shown potent inhibitory activity against colon and breast cancer cells. Adding an extract of organic strawberries blocked colon and breast cancer growth by almost 75%. Apple peels have shown potent anti-proliferative effects on human cancer cells. A layer of human fat cells was placed in a petri dish; as soy phytonutrients were added, fat uptake was almost completely blocked. Specific vegetables have been found to halt tumor cell growth of specific cancers; thus, to protect ourselves against many types of cancers, it is important to eat a varied diet. When blood is dripped on prostate cancer cells in a petri dish, the standard group reduced growth by about 10%, those on a plant-based diet knocked the growth down 70%. Indian gooseberries have been found to kill cancer cells but leave normal cells alone (see also here, here). And when kale was dripped on white blood cells, it boosted their ability to produce antibodies. Other interesting in vitro studies: When measuring the beneficial effects of tea on arterial cells, soymilk as well as cow’s milk appeared to block the benefits of the tea. To test new Alzheimer’s treatments, you put human nerve cells and amyloid beta (which is the neurotoxic Alzheimer’s protein) and add a substance to see if it saves the nerve cells from death. Apple juice has been found to be effective. And when Dragon’s blood was dropped on human cartilage in a petri dish, cartilage breakdown was reduced. The standard ORAC test to determine the antioxidant power of various substances measures how good the substance is at altering a chemical oxidation reaction in a test tube. Red rice has been found to have ten times more antioxidants than brown rice.