Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.In the 1940s and 50s, the American Medical Association was not only saying that “smoking in moderation” was not a problem; on balance, smoking may even be beneficial. After all, most physicians themselves smoked; so, how bad could it be? When the American Medical Association is saying that, where could you turn back then, if you just wanted the facts?What were the new data advanced by science? Well, she was “too tired for fun… and then she smoked a Camel.” Babe Ruth spoke of “proof-positive” medical science; that is, when he still could speak—before he died of throat cancer.Now, some of the science did leak out, causing a dip from about 11 cigarettes a day per person, on average, down to 10. But, those that got scared could always choose “the cigarette that takes the FEAR out of smoking”—or, even better, choose the cigarette that “gives you the greatest health protection.”Now, if by some miracle, there was a SmokingFacts.org website back then, that could deliver the science directly to the people, bypassing commercially corruptible institutional filters, you would have become aware of studies like this—an Adventist study out of California in 1958, that showed that nonsmokers have at least 90% less lung cancer than smokers. Now, with so much money and personal habit at stake, there will always be “dissenters.” But, look, given the seriousness of these diseases, and the sum total of evidence, we shouldn’t wait to put “preventive measures” in place.So, if you were a smoker back in the 50s in the know, “what do you do?” With access to the science, you realize that the best available balance of evidence suggests your smoking habit is probably not good for you. So, do you change your smoking habits, or do you wait?If you wait until your physician tells you—between puffs—to quit, you could have cancer by then. If you wait until the powers that be officially recognize it—like the Surgeon General did in the subsequent decade—you could be dead by then.“[I]t took more than 7,000 studies and the death[s] of countless…smokers” before the first Surgeon General’s report against smoking was released in the 60s. You’d think maybe after the first 6,000 studies, maybe they could have given people a little heads up, or something? One wonders how many people are currently suffering needlessly from dietary diseases. Maybe we should have stopped smoking after the 700th study like this.Let’s fast forward 55 years. You know, there’s a new Adventist study out of California, warning Americans about something else they may be putting in their mouth. And, it’s not just one study. According to a recent review, the sum total of evidence suggests that “mortality from all cause[s]” put together, and many of our dreaded diseases—”ischemic heart disease, and circulatory and cerebrovascular diseases,” like stroke—were significantly lower in those eating more plant-based diets, in addition to less cancer and diabetes.So, instead of someone going along with America’s smoking habits in the 1950s, imagine you or someone you know going along with America’s eating habits in the present day. What do you do? With access to the science, you realize the best available balance of evidence suggests your eating habits are probably not so good for you. So, do you change, or do you wait? If you wait until your physician tells you—between bites—to change, it could be too late.