Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.A whole new theory has arisen to explain the mystery as to why so “[m]any plant molecules interact with and modulate key regulators of [our] physiology in ways that are beneficial to [our] health”—a theory called xenohormesis.I touched on hormesis in my liquid smoke video. Basically, it’s the biological principle of no pain, no gain. Mild stresses, like exercise, can trigger a protective response that leads to strengthened defenses in the short term. But instead of exposing ourselves to the stressor to trigger our body’s defenses and shore up protection against future stressors, why not just let plants take the hit? Let the plants get stressed, because, incredibly, the stress-response molecules in plants may activate the same protective responses in humans. “Xenohormesis…explains [why] environmentally stressed plants produce bioactive compounds that can confer stress resistance and survival benefits to animals that consume them. [We] can [then] piggyback off [of their] sophisticated stress response.”“Indeed, the majority of known health-beneficial effects of edible plants are attributable to the pharmacologically active substances of plants’ stress response.”Hormesis may be why dietary restriction can lead to lifespan extension. The mild stress placed upon the body by not eating enough may activate a wide variety of protective pathways within the body, a whole cascade ramping up anti-inflammatory and antioxidant defenses. Our body is preparing itself for the coming famine it thinks is about to occur.So, “[i]s there a way to exploit the benefits of [dietary restriction] to prevent chronic disease…?” Obviously, chronically restricting food intake is not a realistic health strategy for the majority of people…” It’s hard for most people to even cut food intake 10 or 20%, given the powerful evolutionary..drive..to eat… As a more feasible alternative, we may be able to activate [dietary restriction] induced stress response pathways by other means.” In other words, xenohormesis.If you starve plants, they do the same thing—activate preservation pathways. So let’s let the plant face the adversity to create the molecules that trigger cell-stress resistance, altered metabolism, and disease resistance, then just come along and appropriate them for the same uses in our own bodies.