Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. In my video, Eggs vs. Cholesterol in Atherosclerosis, [sic — I meant Eggs vs. Cigarettes in Atherosclerosis. I’ll add to my re-record stack! — MG], I profiled a study showing that smoking more than a pack a day for ten years was bad for your arteries, and combining egg-eating and smoking was even worse. “Thus the effect of egg[s]…and smoking appear[s] to be additive.” But, “egg yolks alone” in non-smokers was associated with artery-clogging plaque buildup—nearly two-thirds as bad as smoking. This certainly ruffled some feathers. Yes, eggs are by far the #1 source of cholesterol in the American diet, but letters to the editor, like this one, protested that “dietary cholesterol may have very little impact on [blood] cholesterol” levels—citing this study, published in 1971, performed on eight people. But, if you look at dozens of studies all put together, covering hundreds of study subjects, we find that “[blood] cholesterol concentration is clearly increased by added dietary cholesterol.” Here’s an extreme example, just to illustrate: a year in the life of a study subject on and off eggs. First, they take him off eggs, putting him on a cholesterol-free diet, and his cholesterol plummets within just three weeks. Then, they give him lots of eggs, and he’s back in trouble—and stays there, until they take the eggs away, and put him back on the cholesterol-free diet, and so on and so forth, turning his high blood cholesterol on and off, like a light switch made out of eggs. Of course, the only reason we care about our cholesterol levels, or how much plaque is building up inside our arteries, is because we want to avoid the consequences—like a heart attack. So, do eggs increase our risk of cardiovascular disease, or not? Here’s the latest meta-analysis—the latest compilation of all the best studies on egg consumption and risk of heart disease going back to 1930. When you put ’em all together, what do we find? Overall, those that ate the most eggs had a 19% increased risk of cardiovascular disease, a 68% increased risk of diabetes, and then, once you get diabetes, an 85% increased risk of heart disease. And, it didn’t take much—less than a single egg a day was associated with a significantly increased risk of heart disease. Just over half an egg a day may increase heart disease risk between 6% and 40%, and the risk of diabetes 29%.