Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.“It is not very common that…a single molecule attracts enough interest to merit international scientific conferences of its own,” but the Ah receptor “belongs to the rare elite of such molecules.” That’s the receptor on our intestinal immune cells activated by broccoli. and other cruciferous vegetables. The latest conference offered “exciting new reports [about] the way plant-derived compounds in our diet are necessary for a fully functioning immune system of the gut.” One study in particular expanded “our understanding of how diet impacts immunity and health by showing that a plant-derived nutrient profoundly shapes the capacity for intestinal immune defense.” And, intestinal defense is not just against the pathogens we may ingest, but the toxins as well. We’re constantly exposed to a wide range of toxins “in cigarette smoke, in exhaust fumes, furnace gases, cooked meat and fish, dairy products, and even in mother’s milk,” because of what they themselves are exposed to. And, many of these pollutants exert their toxic effects through the Ah receptor system. For example, “[d]ioxins invade the body mainly through the diet”—more than 90% of exposure, as it concentrates through the food chain, presenting “a serious health concern.” But, there are phytonutrients in fruits, vegetables, tea, red wine, and beans that block the effects of dioxins at close to the kinds of levels you can find in people’s bloodstream after eating fruits and vegetables. But, it took like three apples a day to cut dioxin toxicity in half, or about a tablespoon of red onion—more than most people eat in a day, unfortunately. And, the half-life of these phytonutrients in the body is only about 25 hours, so we have to keep it up day after day. But, if we eat enough, the intake from a plant-based diet should be enough to inhibit the cancer-causing effects of dioxins. See, at first, we just thought it was just cruciferous vegetables that were able to lock in these receptors, and fend off toxins. But, does that make evolutionary sense? “Given the variety and flexibility of most mammalian diets, a specific dependence on cruciferous vegetables for optimal intestinal immune function would seem overly restrictive. Rather, it seems [likely] that many other foods contain compounds with similar immunostimulatory properties.”