Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. It is now eight years since the famous Ornish study was published, suggesting that 12 months on a strictly plant-based diet could reverse the progression of prostate cancer. Wait a second. How were they able to get a group of older men to go vegan for a year? They home-delivered prepared meals to their door, figuring men are so lazy they’ll just eat whatever is put in front of them. But, what about out in the real world? Realizing that you can’t even get most men with cancer to eat a measly five servings of fruits and veggies, researchers settled on just trying to change their A/V ratio (the “ratio of animal to vegetable proteins”), and, indeed, were successful in cutting this ratio in half at least—from about two to one, animal to plant, to kinda half-vegan, one to one. How’d they do? Looks like their cancer was slowed down. “The average PSA doubling time [an estimate of how fast the tumor may be doubling in size]…in the [half-vegan group] slowed from 21 months…to 58 months…” So, the cancer kept growing, but with a part-time plant-based diet, they appeared to be able to slow down the tumor’s expansion. What Ornish got, though, was an apparent reversal in cancer growth. The PSA didn’t just rise slower, it trended down—which could be an indication of tumor shrinkage. So, the ideal A/V ratio may be closer to zero. If there’s just no way grandpa’s going vegan, and we just have half-measures, what might be the worst A, and the best V? Eggs and poultry may be the worst—respectively doubling, and potentially quadrupling, the risk of cancer progression in this study, out of Harvard. Twice the risk, eating less than a single egg a day; quadruple the risk, eating less than a single serving of chicken or turkey. And, if you could only add one thing to your diet? Cruciferous vegetables. Less than a single serving a day of either broccoli or Brussels sprouts, cabbage, cauliflower, or kale may cut the risk of cancer progression more than half—defined as cancer coming back, spreading to the bone, or death.