Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.A half-million Americans are expected to die this year from cancer—equal to five jumbo jets crashing, every day. “The number of Americans who die from cancer each year is more than all those who have died in all US wars combined.” And, this happens every single year.After a cancer diagnosis, people tend to clean up their diets. About a third to a half of breast cancer patients, for example, make healthy dietary changes following diagnosis—such as increasing fruit and vegetable consumption, and decreasing meat, fat, and sugar intakes. Does this actually help, that late in the game? Well, “the Women’s Healthy Eating and Living [WHEL] Study was undertaken in [a few thousand] breast cancer survivors to determine if a plant-based, low-fat, high-fiber diet could influence breast cancer recurrence rates and survival.”Previously, they famously reported that simple changes—five or more servings of fruits and veggies a day, and just, like, walking thirty minutes a day, six days a week, was associated with a significant survival advantage—cutting risk nearly in half. Note; I said fruits and veggies and exercise. Here’s the proportion of women with breast cancer surviving nine years in the study, if they had low fruit and vegetable consumption, and low physical activity—or, high in one, and low in the other. But, here’s the survival curve of those high in both.And, it worked just as well in women with estrogen receptor negative tumors, which normally have twice the mortality—unless, you eat a few fruits and veggies, and take a few strolls. The High should really be in quotes. I mean, you could eat five servings in a single meal, and certainly walk more than, like, two miles a day.Imagine, for a second, you have been diagnosed with breast cancer. Imagine sitting in that chair, in the doctor’s office, as your doctor gives you the news. But, there’s a new experimental treatment that can cut your chances of dying in the next few years from, like, 16% down to just 4%. To quadruple their survival rate, many women would remortgage their homes to fly to some quack clinic in Mexico, would lose all their hair to chemo, but most, apparently, couldn’t stand the thought of eating broccoli.