Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.The burning sensation during strenuous exercise may be related to the buildup of lactic acid in our muscles. But, that’s different than “the delayed onset muscle soreness” that occurs in the days following a bout of extreme physical activity—which is thought to be due to inflammation caused by muscle cell damage, little micro-tears in the muscle.If it’s an inflammatory reaction, than might anti-inflammatory phytonutrients help? The bioflavonoids in citrus might help with the lactic acid buildup, but we may need to ramp it up to the anthocyanin flavonoids in berries to deal with the inflammation.We know, for example, that if you eat about 45 cherries a day, you can significantly reduce the levels of inflammatory markers, like C-reactive protein, in your bloodstream. “Such anti-inflammatory effects may be beneficial for the management and prevention of inflammatory diseases.” But, what about reducing muscle soreness?Well, if you take some guys, and make them flex their biceps against way too much weight over and over and over again, the next day the strength in their arms is way down—about a 30% drop—and, man, are their arms sore! But, if they were drinking some cherry juice, their arms end up hurting less—and they were able to better preserve their strength. Why not just feed them cherries, instead of juice? Well, then, you can’t do a placebo group, since you can’t really create a convincing fake cherry. But, you can make fake cherry juice, in the form of “cherry Kool-Aid.”“This [was] the first study to examine the effect of the consumption of [any]…cherry product, on [the] symptoms of exercise induced muscle damage,” and cherries indeed seemed to work. Follow-up studies show they also work on “reducing muscle pain” in long-distance runners, speeding recovery after a marathon. And, “Optimizing recovery from exercise is [really] the holy grail of exercise science.”A similar study found anti-inflammatory effects of eating blueberries. They took it a step further, actually, and paid athletes enough to take a muscle biopsy, so the researchers could actually see what’s happening to their muscles on a microscopic level. It’s like this study showing massage can decrease inflammation. At first, I was like: “Ooh, I wouldn’t mind being part of that study—free relaxing massage!”—until I read the protocol. You got to rest a few minutes, and then the scalpels come out, and slice out some muscle samples. No thanks.Bottom line, all sorts of new high-tech treatments for sore muscles—from needle electrodes, ultrasound, hyperbaric oxygen—even “whole-body vibration!” Don’t those ladies look happy?