Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.“Motivating patients to change…poor lifestyle habits can be extremely difficult. Preventing cardiovascular [events], such as [heart attacks] or stroke[s], are relatively distant benefits, whereas barbecued ribs, [and] cheesecake [or sitting on your butt], promises almost instant gratification.” So, public health experts are hoping that “prevention or improvement” of erectile dysfunction could be “a more immediate motivator that physicians can use to improve their patients’ lifestyle, and in turn their overall cardiovascular health.” That’s how doctors can “save a life during a clinic visit for erectile dysfunction.”We used to think of erectile dysfunction in young men, in their 20s and 30s, as “psychogenic in origin”—meaning it’s all in their heads. But now, we’re realizing it’s more likely the early signs of vascular disease.But even “[w]hen the penis heads in the wrong direction, the heart need not follow.” Atherosclerosis in both organs can be reversed with lifestyle changes. We know that “[A] substantial body of knowledge demonstrates that the abundant consumption of vegetables, fruit, and whole grain, and the dietary patterns rich in these foods, convey a markedly lower risk of coronary disease.”So, they tried putting impotent men on a Mediterranean diet, the main characteristics of which include an abundance of plant food. 37% of the men on the Mediterranean diet for two years “regained…normal sexual function.” What about the diet appeared to do it? Improvements in erectile function were tied to five things: increased intake of fruits, vegetables, nuts, beans, and, essentially, the ratio of plant to animal fats.Similar benefits were found for women. The same kind of diet “significantly improved sexual function[s], together with a significant reduction of systemic…inflammation. As a whole, these findings suggest that a Mediterranean-style diet may be a safe strategy for amelioration of sexual function in women” with prediabetes or diabetes—significant improvement in sexual satisfaction on the healthier diet.Why, though? Well, “[a]s dietary fiber may have anti-inflammatory roles, it may be due to the fiber content of [all those plants in] the Mediterranean diet,” magnified by all the antioxidants. This is the current thinking, given the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects of a plant-based diet.