Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. Six hundred years ago, people living along the coast of Carragheen County, Ireland started using a red algae, which became known as Irish moss, to make a jellied dessert, now the source of carrageenan, a food additive used as a thickener in dairy and nondairy products, as well as a fat substitute—perhaps most famously in the failed McLean Deluxe. In 2008, I raised a concern about it. We had known for decades that carrageenan had harmful effects on laboratory animals, but this was the first study done on human cells to “suggest that [carrageenan] exposure may have a role in development of human intestinal pathology.”But, that was all five years ago, though. What’s the update? Well, after the activation of inflammatory pathways was demonstrated in actual human colon tissue samples, Europe pulled it from infant formula, out of an abundance of caution. The latest suggests carrageenan consumption could possibly lead to a leaky gut, by disrupting the integrity of the tight junctions that form around the cells lining our intestine, which form the barrier between the outside world and our bloodstream. This was an in vitro study, though, in a petri dish. We still don’t know what effects, carrageenan has, if any, in whole human beings. Some researchers advise consumers to err on the side of caution, and select food products without carrageenan, accusing the FDA of ignoring its “harmful potential.”Personally, after having reviewed the available evidence, I continue to view carrageenan the way I view acrylamide, another potential, but not proven hazard. Acrylamide is a chemical formed by cooking carbs at high temperatures. So, should we avoid eating a lot of these foods, like the EPA suggests? Well, “Food safety concerns must also be considered…[in the context of dietary] consequences.”Where’s it found the most? Already unhealthy foods. So, sure; use your concern about the probable carcinogen acrylamide as just another reason to avoid potato chips and French fries. But, until we know more, I wouldn’t cut out healthful foods, like whole-grain bread.