Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. Daily dried apples versus daily dried plums: “Impact on Cardiovascular Disease Risk factors in Postmenopausal Women.” First thing I thought was, well, was this study funded by the U.S. Apple Association, or the International Prune Association? I can bet what the results would be; but, it turns out, neither; just our taxpayer dollars, hard at work—great! So, what’d they find? 160 older women, randomly assigned to a dried apple group, or a dried plum group, and followed for a year. A dozen dried apple rings a day, or about eight prunes. And, within three months, a significant drop in cholesterol in the apple, but not prune, group, which stayed down through the rest of the study. In terms of inflammation,”both dried fruit regimens lower [C-reactive protein] levels”—about the same, though perhaps prunes may cause “a quicker decrease” in inflammation, whereas dried apples may result in “a greater decrease overall.”Twelve apple rings is equivalent to eating about two apples a day. They think that “the cholesterol-lowering properties of apple[s] may be due to its unique pectin fiber composition,” which may “increase fecal excretion of bile.” Though, the apple phytonutrients themselves—even without the fiber—appear to lower cholesterol on their own. What about dried figs? The California Fig Board did not want to be left out— sponsors of both Fig Fest, and Fig Feast, as well this recent study. Fourteen figs a day—that’s a lot of figs—for five weeks and…nothing. Daily consumption of figs did not reduce bad cholesterol. And, finally, what about dates? Four or five dates a day, for a month. And, again, nothing—though, if anything, they did tend to bring down triglyceride levels a bit, which is surprising, given the sugar content in dates. A recent study on the glycemic index of dates found them surprisingly low. The open circles are what straight sugar water does to your blood sugar; and, here’s that same amount of sugar, but in date form. Dates beat out other common fruits in terms of containing more vitamins, and more minerals. In fact, touted as the “richest source of dietary minerals.” But, because they’re dried, they have about five times more calories than fresh fruits, you know, ounce per ounce.