Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. Though there is an International Prune Association, keeping us all apprised of the latest prune news from around the world, in the U.S., the California prune board successfully pressured the FDA to change the name from prunes to “dried plums”—which evidently evokes more of a “positive ‘fresh fruit goodness’ image,” in hopes of attracting their “target audience, women.”  Of course, it might help if they actually included one or two on their board.  The name change is in hopes of “de-emphasiz[ing] its connections to digestive regularity issues.” But, hey, why sell yourself short? Check this out: “Randomised clinical trial: prunes vs. [Metamucil, also known as] psyllium.” “Constipation is a common problem that affects up to [a fifth] of the world’s population. Nearly 60 million Americans suffer from chronic constipation;” particularly a problem in women and the elderly. A “pathological condition that is often severe enough to disrupt daily activities, derange quality of life, respond poorly to available medical remedies and [may] prompt sophisticated and potentially harmful surgical procedures.”Despite all this, it is still frequently considered a trivial issue, and affected individuals tend to self-medicate either using OTC laxatives or ‘natural’ remedies, but none of these [have] been adequately investigated,” until now. Fiber supplements can be inconvenient, taste nasty, cause bloating—even choking. So, we need “a food-based, natural, convenient…tasty alternative.” But, do prunes actually work? Here’s the study subjects at baseline. Each dot is a complete, spontaneous bowel movement. Note how many people had zero bowel movements per week, at baseline. About an average of 1.7 a week, which went up to 3.5 on prunes; a bowel movement every other day or so. Then, back to baseline, off of the prunes; then, on Metamucil, got up to 2.8; then, back down. And, remember the Bristol stool scale? Significantly better stool consistency on the prunes, as well. The researchers conclude that “treatment with dried plums resulted in a greater improvement in constipation symptoms…[than the] commonly used fibre supplement, psyllium.”So, “[g]iven their palatability, tolerability…availability, dried plums should be considered” as a first-line therapy for chronic constipation.