Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. Rooibos, or red tea, is anecdotally reported to aid stress-related symptoms, but has none of the mood-altering phytonutrients thought responsible for the increased calm and decreased stress after drinking green tea. So, why do some people feel less stressed drinking red tea? Well, researchers recently found human adrenal gland cells in a petri dish produce about four times fewer steroid hormones in the presence of red tea. Yes, this could quite possibly contribute to “the alleviation of negative effects arising from elevated [stress hormone levels]” if it actually damped down adrenal function that much in real life. But, the effect was so dramatic they became concerned it might adversely effect the production of sex hormones, as well. But, that’s not what they found when they tested it in “human test subjects.”The same may not be true, however, of nettle tea. Nettle is used to relieve symptoms of prostate enlargement by boosting estrogen levels. But, men drinking too much may grow breasts, and women may start lactating. Nettles are often picked wild, so there’s always a risk that someone might accidentally pick something like this, instead of this, and come down with atropine poisoning, because the nettle tea you thought you were drinking had some belladonna (deadly nightshade). Also, not a good idea to put the leaves in your mouth fresh. They don’t call them stinging nettles for nothing. This is a close-up of the impalement of a nettle spicule in the skin—not something you want in your tongue. Nettle tea is touted for its high mineral content, which always seemed kind of strange to me. I mean, yes, if you boil dark green leafy vegetables long enough, you do lose minerals into the cooking water. But, how many minerals could we be getting if we just steep some tea? We never knew, because it hadn’t been tested—until now. They compared the mineral content of nettle tea to chamomile tea, mint tea, St. John’s wort, and sage. Nettle tea didn’t seem to have much more than any of the others—but, maybe they’re all really high? Well, one cup of nettle tea does have the iron of a dried apricot (that’s more than I expected), the zinc found in one pumpkin seed, one-twentieth of a mushroom’s worth of copper—but four peanuts’ worth of magnesium, and an entire fig’s worth of calcium.