Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.More than 20 heterocyclic amines have been reported in cooked meats, fish, and poultry prepared under common household cooking conditions. To reduce one’s exposure to these cooked meat carcinogens, one could, of course, eat vegetarian—or, even just refrain from eating meat for 24 hours, and the levels of the two chief heterocyclic amines drop to zero. So, if you practice meatless Mondays, by Tuesday morning, the levels of PhIP and MeIQx (one of the most potent mutagens ever tested), become N.D. (non-detectable).Now, for a third cooked meat carcinogen, they actually did find some in a few folks—even though they hadn’t eaten meat in 24 hours. That perplexed the researchers. Now, the four subjects that “had quantifiable amounts of IQ[4,5-b] in their urine after refraining from meat consumption” (which is an isomer of a powerful animal carcinogen, IQ)—they had each eaten cheese and/or boiled eggs as part of their diet, while abstaining from cooked meats. IQ and several other heterocyclic amines have been reported in fried eggs, so it’s possible “that IQ[4,5-b], which forms at temperatures well below 100° C, may be present in boiled eggs or possibly other foods containing creatinine, such as cheese.”That brought up an interesting side note, though. What about all the “[d]ietary supplementation of creatine by sports enthusiasts” as a supplement, which turns into creatinine? They speculate that “high consumption of creatine” supplements “could result in [the] formation of “genotoxic [heterocyclic amines] in the body”—a cautionary note for both the vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.Another finding of cooked meat carcinogens in a vegetarian was reported in a study comparing the levels of PhIP growing out in people’s hair. It “was detected in hair samples of all six [of the] meat-eaters” they tested, “but was…detected in one out of [the] six vegetarians.” Now, it was low, just above the kind of level of detection, so they kind of dismissed it, suggesting that “exposure occurs primarily through the consumption of cooked meats or poultry, and that nonmeat-derived sources of exposure…are probably negligible.”