Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. Up to 20% of all cancers are linked to infections—particularly viruses—and the list of potentially carcinogenic infectious agents is growing. It could be great if we found a virus that contributed to breast cancer risk, because then, we might have new ways to prevent and treat it. Currently, the dietary link between meat and dairy and breast cancer is considered a saturated fat effect. But, there is a cancer-causing cow virus that infects the mammary gland cells of cows. Infectious virus is then released into the milk supply. And, since most U.S. dairy herds are infected, scientists figured Americans are often exposed to this bovine leukemia virus. But, we didn’t have proof, until 2003—34 years after the virus was first identified. Early on, our best available tests failed to find antibodies to the virus in human blood. When our immune system is exposed to a virus, it creates antibodies to attack it. No antibodies; no exposure. So, this led to the prevailing opinion that this virus poses no public health hazard. Those tests were state of the art at the time, but extremely insensitive, compared to more modern techniques. So, researchers decided to re-examine the issue, now that we had better tests. So, they took blood from about 250 people just to answer the question: Do any humans have antibodies to bovine leukemia virus? And 191 of them did; 74%—not that we should be surprised. By then, nearly 90% of American dairy herds were infected. And in the latest national survey, 100% of the big factory farms were infected when you test the milk coming out of those operations. So, why isn’t there an epidemic of udder cancer out there? Well, see, dairy cattle are hamburgered so young that there’s not a lot of time for them to develop gross tumors. And, that’s how most women may be getting infected. Although pasteurization should knock out the virus, who hasn’t eaten a pink-in-the-middle burger at some point in their life? The bottom line is that the long-held assumption that bovine leukemia virus is not a public health hazard is no longer tenable. This whole field of investigation needs to be reopened, with the next step determining whether humans are actively, actually infected. The presence of antibodies is generally interpreted as an indicator of past or present infection. But, theoretically, maybe we just made antibodies to dead virus we ate—virus that had been killed by cooking, or pasteurization. Just because three-quarters of us have been exposed doesn’t mean we were actively infected with the virus. To prove that, we’d actually have to find the retrovirus actively stitched into our own DNA. Well look, millions of women have gotten breast surgery. Why not just look at that tissue? Researchers did, and, in 2014, published their findings in the CDC’s Emerging Infectious Diseases journal. And, 44% of samples tested positive—proving for the first time that humans can be infected with bovine leukemia virus.