Below is an approximation of this video’s audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.I’m often asked what my opinion is about one food or another. I know what they’re saying, but, you know, I’m not interested in opinions. I’m not interested in beliefs. I’m interested in the science. What does the best available balance of evidence published in the peer-reviewed medical literature show, right now?For trivial decisions in life, it doesn’t matter. Want a new toaster? Get a shiny one, or get the pretty one, or get the one your friend likes, or the one recommended by some stranger on the internet, right? How much does it really matter?But, what we eat on a day-to-day basis is the number one determinant of our health and longevity. It’s one of the most important decisions of our lives. In fact, the three most important decisions of our lives may be what to eat—for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.We’re talking about the health of our families. What could be more important? These are literally life-or-death decisions. Yet, when I ask people why they eat what they do, I get, “Oh, I read something online,” or “I heard about this new diet at the gym.” That’s like asking a parent on some family skydiving trip why they’re folding everyone’s parachutes in some weird, new fashion, and getting an answer like, “Well, I heard about some fad, where like, you know, like, if you’re blood type A, you gotta fold it like…”If there’s anything in life that we should demand evidence for, it should be that which affects the health and wellbeing of ourselves and our families. If there’s anything to put a little critical thought into, it should be what we eat on a daily basis. So, when I, or anyone else, says anything about something as life-and-death important as diet, your immediate response should be, “Show me the science.” Right? None of us were born with this information; where did we find it? And don’t just tell me the source; show me the source.That’s why, if you look at my videos, I don’t just talk about the science; I show you the science. I don’t just cite a study; I show you the study—the actual graphs, tables, figures. I don’t just share a quote; I show you the quote. And then, you can click on the Sources Cited button next to every video, and get a list of links to all the sources I used. So, you can download the PDFs; read the studies yourself. Make sure I didn’t, you know, take anything out of context.